hello welcome to new Pixar Cars 24 I've
got two new cars here I they show you
dr. maté at first now you've already
seen a video talk tomato this is the
version which is mascot the latest
release from the receipt what made it
cost varies next to the previous release
as you can see the only real difference
is the eyes and mouth being out other
than that they're exactly the same from
the side and everything else
oh don't matter the mascot it just looks
a bit more I don't know why he thinks
better now the detail on the mask is
absolutely brilliant you probably can't
see me on the camera that is ugly
amazing how they caught the crease
nothing you could stall a cut his mouth
under there for his big teeth
that's just very good and he died way
died traditionally it looks like he's
staring closely at some injury of
carving off of like birds next car
laughter today it's Komodo take gear car
through his sort of wing goes in mr.
Wingo keep my probably my favourite car
at the whole entire cars line I just
love him I mean as you can see here he's
sort of a komodo dragon going on
appearing good scales on the side he
just got some skating spiked on top I
thought I was a fades expression yeah
everything it's amazing the rest Royce
in the front give me that a bit of a lot
and he's got an exhaust on the back
detailing the lights is very very nice
as well lots of wheels you've got some
nice beds here yeah only real problem
I've got with him and that's just
accuracy to the film the spikes on the
top should actually be bigger
I can't take him here the box there you
can see the spike something really a lot
taller and a lot taller and a lot you
know is he here
they are different they're shorter the
other side prefer them on the car I'm
here rather than there and they're very
very nice I hope I didn't for hope we'd
see a bit more of tomato on the card
shop thank very much for watching be
ready make sure you chain watch you get
two cars top five